help-docs: Update Homebrew instructions for the latest release on macOS. (#22295)
zulip/zulip: templates/zerver/help/desktop-app-install-guide.md

#### Homebrew

1. Run the command `brew install --cask zulip` from a terminal.

1. Run Zulip from `Applications`.

> The app will update automatically to future versions. You can also run the
> command `brew upgrade zulip` instead.

Reviewer: "instead" might sound like it has some interaction with the "update automatically" from the previous sentence?

Spitballing, maybe:
```suggestion
The app will update automatically to future versions. Alternately, you can also run the
command `brew upgrade zulip` to immediately upgrade.
```

Author: True. Yeah, good idea! except that I think "Alternatively" would be a better word choice because "Alternately" can also mean taking turns. And we can remove "also" so that it's not redundant.
